Create test6-announcement (#127)
gnolang/blog: posts/test6-announcement.md

## Token Transfer Locking Mechanism

During the beta mainnet phase, the GNOT token distribution will occur, but direct token transfers will remain disabled. To facilitate this, a token locking mechanism has been implemented, ensuring that tokens can be distributed while disallowing transfers until the network is ready. Once tokens are distributed, token holders will be able to use their GNOT on gno.land to interact with the chain, and make realm and package deployments. 

## Valoper Registry Realm

The Valoper [Registry](https://gno.land/r/gnoland/valopers) Realm is a public directory of validator profiles, providing transparency and essential information for GovDAO members to evaluate new validator candidates to add to the gno.land valset.

> If validators are interested in participating on the Test6 network, you can register your public validator profile in the registry, and check the infrastructure and system requirements on [gnops.io,](https://gnops.io/articles/effective-gnops/onboarding-testnet-validator/) the DevOps Hub for gno.land. 

Reviewer: We can also mention the latest article 🙌 

https://gnops.io/articles/effective-gnops/validator-specs/

## Token Transfer Locking Mechanism

During the Beta Mainnet phase, GNOT token distribution will occur, but direct token transfers will remain disabled. To facilitate this, a token locking mechanism has been implemented, ensuring that tokens can be distributed while disallowing transfers until the Beta Mainnet GovDAO puts up a proposal and votes positively to indicate that the network is ready.

Once tokens are distributed at beta mainnet, token holders will be able to use their GNOT on gno.land to interact with the chain, and make realm and package deployments.

For Test6, you can use the [Faucet Hub](https://faucet.gno.land/) to request tokens and start using the network.

## Valoper Registry Realm

The Valoper Registry Realm is a public directory of validator profiles, providing transparency and essential information for GovDAO members to evaluate new validator candidates to add to the gno.land valset.

> If validators are interested in participating on the Test6 network, you can register your public validator profile to the [registry](https://test6.testnets.gno.land/r/gnoland/valopers). Two informational guides are available to help you get setup to become a [testnet validator](https://gnops.io/articles/guides/become-testnet-validator/) and provide details on the [hardware specifications](https://gnops.io/articles/effective-gnops/validator-specs/) for gno.land.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If validators are interested in participating on the Test6 network, you can register your public validator profile to the [registry](https://test6.testnets.gno.land/r/gnoland/valopers). Two informational guides are available to help you started on your way to becoming a [testnet validator](https://gnops.io/articles/guides/become-testnet-validator/) and provide details on the [hardware specifications](https://gnops.io/articles/effective-gnops/validator-specs/) for gno.land.
```

Please note: registering your validator profile and validating on Test6 does not guarantee a validator slot on the beta mainnet, or any future gno.land networks. However, active participation and contributions to testnets will help establish credibility and may improve chances for future validator acceptance. The initial validator amount and valset will ultimately be selected through GovDAO T1 governance proposals and acceptance.

## User Registry Realm

The new version of the gno.land user registry introduces a set of realms that integrate directly with the core of the gno.land blockchain, providing additional functionality and upgradeability through GovDAO proposals.

Users can register a unique username directly on [Test6](https://test6.testnets.gno.land/r/gnoland/users/v1). The registry links usernames to Gno addresses and the ability to claim namespaces for Gno package and realm deployments.

> 

Reviewer 2: I have a feeling we don't really need to link this at all, since it is not crucial to the testnet in any sense; and registering names on test6 won't matter for beta since they're different networks (just as it won't matter if we link it via the PL)

Author: @leohhhn removed references to the user name registry, can you check.
